[DOCS] Explain high s value (#6454)
ethereum/solidity: docs/units-and-global-variables.rst

    For further details, read `example usage <https://ethereum.stackexchange.com/q/1777/222>`_.

.. note::

>     Since `EIP-2 <http://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2#specification>`_, all transaction signatures with an ``s`` value

Reviewer: I think this should be merged with the following warning. Please also clarify that EIP2 only applies to transaction signatures and not to the function/precompile ecrecover.

Author: Good idea, I think the last commit covers this.

Author: Looks good @chriseth

.. warning::

    If you use ``ecrecover``, be aware that a valid signature can be turned into a different valid signature without requiring

>     knowledge of the corresponding private key. Since `EIP-2 <http://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2#specification>`_, all transaction signatures with an ``s`` value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    knowledge of the corresponding private key. For transactions, `EIP-2 <http://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2#specification>`_ fixed this problem by requiring the ``s`` value to be greater than ``secp256k1n/2``, but this requirement is not enforced by the ``ecrecover`` precompile to stay compatible with other uses.
```

>     greater than ``secp256k1n/2`` are considered invalid.

Reviewer 2: This line looks off

Author: Tidied a little @leonardoalt
